Remove references to ADOT Operator (#285)
aws-otel/aws-otel.github.io: src/docs/getting-started/operator.mdx

---
title: 'Getting Started with the AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry Operator'
description:
    This page is about getting started with the OpenTelemetry Operator.
path: '/docs/getting-started/operator'
---

import operatorImg1 from "assets/img/docs/gettingStarted/operator/img1.png"
import operatorImg2 from "assets/img/docs/gettingStarted/operator/img2.png"

> Welcome to the AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry (ADOT) getting started guide for the OpenTelemetry Operator. This guide covers the OpenTelemetry Operator,
> how to install it in your Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster using a Helm chart and how to configure the ADOT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry (ADOT) getting started guide for the OpenTelemetry Operator. This guide provides steps to install the OpenTelemetry Operator 
in your Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster using a Helm chart and how to configure the
```

Reviewer: diregard
